Well, don't say that. I'm a man, too. I'll do something. Don't worry.
The boss said he was proud, but later he was alone.
Well, what can you do? You said that, but what can you do?
What's the good idea?
Oh, yes, yes. When I was at the garden with my wife,
the landlady at that time was called Kajiwara Genda.
The landlady called Umegae of Kanzaki, for the sake of her husband Genda,
she put her whole body into it and hit the stone-bottom.
Then she got a lot of money.
If that was for her husband, I would do the same for him.
I'll hit the stone-bottom with my whole body.
Then I'll get a lot of money.
I was so happy, but I was so sad.
I'm a poor man, so I don't have a stone-bottom.
Well, what can I do? If I did this, I should have left the stone-bottom here.
What's the good idea?
Oh, it's not a stone-bottom.
I wish I could do something with my stone-bottom.
Fortunately, there was a well.
The water was fresh and the water was fresh.
I hit the well with my stone-bottom.
I brought a stick and I said,
Umegae no chouzu bachi
If you can hit the stone-bottom and get money,
I'll do it.
Then I heard the sound of the stone-bottom.
Well, Osaki-san,
You sang with a loud voice.
You're a good boy.
Well, I'm not a good boy.
What should I do?
Actually, my payment is not enough today.
Then I thought of it.
I went to see it with you.
At that time, the Umegae family hit the stone-bottom.
I got money from the stone-bottom.
I thought of it and I thought of hitting the stone-bottom.
You're not a good boy.
I thought it would be nice to do something with my stone-bottom.
I thought of it, but the well had water in it.
I hit the well with my stone-bottom.
Well, Osaki-san,
I'm really worried about it.
Why?
No matter how many times I hit the stone-bottom, the well is not full.